success in google ads is built on
keyword targeting so it's extremely
important that you complete your keyword
research correctly but further than that
you need to also make sure that you have
your keywords structured correctly in
campaigns and ad groups using the one
keyword theme method if you don't use
this structure it's highly like that
your google ads campaign won't be a
success and you'll start saying things
like google ads is just a waste of money
or this whole google ads thing it just
doesn't work in my niche when the fact
is that google ads does work it's just
that you've been doing it the wrong way
my name is aaron young and i'm your 15
000 google ads master in this video i'm
going to show you the three simple steps
that you need to use so that you can
complete your google ads keyword
research the correct way so that you can
start seeing results like this home
maintenance service company that its
first year of operation is getting
qualified leads every single day for
under 12 all like this ecommerce health
and fitness brand which saw a roast of
over 49x yes you are seeing that
correctly last quarter for a spend of
only 10 000
they saw four hundred and ninety two
thousand dollars in revenue so right now
let's get into the teaching you might be
surprised to know that the first step in
creating the perfect structure for
keyword research doesn't actually start
in google ads what you need to do is go
into google docs and just write down a
list of the keywords that you would
actually search for if you're looking
for your own product now in this step i
don't want you to think about traffic
volumes or which keyword is likely to
have the lowest cost per click i just
want you to simply write down what you
would search if you were looking for
your product i like this process very
early in my google ads career and it was
actually when i was creating a campaign
for our own villa resort in bali and i
found that the easiest way for success
in google ads was firstly using keywords
that a normal person would use and this
is the search terms that i wrote down
things like one bedroom villas in bali
one bedroom villas in seminyak best
villas in bali bali holiday villas for
rent so the very first easy and quick
step is to get your google doc look at
your website and just write down the
terms that you would use if you were
doing a google search for your product
and remember don't over complicate it
let's not think about anything else
let's just write down the terms that you
would use to find your product step two
is where we need to go into google ads
and start using the google ads keyword
planner to use the google ads keyword
planner all we need to do is go into
tools and settings click on the keyword
planner and then we need to go into
discover new keywords once you've
clicked on that you need to do two
things firstly you want to grab and cut
and copy your website and paste that
into the domain section and then
secondly what you want to do is you want
to grab that list of keywords that we
created in step one copy them and then
paste them into the keyword planner one
thing you will notice is that you've
only got a limit of 10 keywords so if
you do have more than 10 keywords what
you need to do is you need to repeat
this next step and then the next step is
that we click on get results google will
then bring up the different keywords
along with the average monthly searches
it also does give you some information
about the competition in regards to the
competition there's three different
levels low medium and high and then it
does also give some examples of what the
estimated cost per click will be now the
top of page bid for the low range that
is where you're looking at positions
three and four and the top of page bid
high range is where you're looking at
positions one and two and that is why
there's that slight difference because
we're paying more for the higher
position these first rows will be the
actual keywords that you entered into
the planner and that will let you know
whether they actually do have average
monthly searches and then as you scroll
down you'll go into this section called
keyword ideas and this is where google
will give you other keyword ideas which
aren't the ones that you typed in but
they are keywords which are relevant to
your keyword themes that you put into
the keyword planner when you go through
and select these keywords the only
things that you want to take into
consideration is the average monthly
searches you would also want to take
into consideration the competition but
then more importantly you also do want
to have a look at the cost per click and
if there are any keywords which you
think are too high for your budget you
can just purely not select them and then
it's just a matter of us going through
and selecting all of the keywords that
we would like to include in our campaign
and then once we've done that the next
step is to go into this new ad group
click create that ad group and then the
next step is that we want to add these
keywords now we actually have our
keywords in our keyword plan hey if
you're still with me it means that
you're liking this teaching can you do
me a huge favor like this video and
subscribe to my channel let's get back
into the training now we get to the
third and final step and this is the
most important step now despite how easy
google makes is to click on that create
campaign button i don't want you to do
that what you want to do is you actually
want to click on this download button
and you want to download the plan
forecasts into a csv file the reason
that we're downloading our keyword plan
into a csv file is so that we can use
the one keyword theme method for this
method we only put one keyword theme
into each ad group and this is very
important for a number of reasons
including that it makes it easier to
write keyword focused ad copy for high
quality keyword scores it allows you to
very easily see which keyword themes are
more successful in generating
conversions and then that means you can
easily pause underperforming keyword
themes without having to dive into an ad
group with over 20 or 30 different
keywords and finally it also allows for
easier reporting so once you have
downloaded your keyword file you'll have
a table of data like this below and then
the next step is to separate keywords
into different campaigns and ad groups
once you've organized your keywords into
different campaigns and ad groups they
should look something like this format
below and then what you can see through
here is that we've got four different
campaigns one about one bedroom villas
there's another one about two bedroom
villas and then our barley general
campaign and then a seminyak general
campaign and then breaking these down
into the one bedroom village campaigns
we've got different ad groups and this
is broken into two main ad groups one ad
group which has keywords which mentions
the word bali and then the second ad
group which mentions the keyword
seminyak and that'll allow us in the
future to be able to see whether our ads
are more successful when we target
keywords around bali as opposed to
keywords targeted around seminyak and
the same for example when we're looking
at our general campaign we've got
different keyword themes around holiday
so barley holiday rentals and then also
other ones around luxury bali luxury
holiday or bali luxury villas and then
finally also private villas in seminyak
so this will actually allow us to see
very very quickly which keyword themes
are more successful for our campaign so
by using the one keyword theme method
your campaign and ad structure will look
like this we'll have our overall google
ads account broken into our different
campaigns and then each campaign will
have its different ad groups with each
ad group having one single keyword theme
and then the benefit of this structure
is that it means you can target your
individual keyword themes with specific
ad copy and also specific landing pages
on your website so for this example that
we've used on my villas and bali is that
we've got our four campaigns speaking
about the one bedroom villas and our two
bedroom villas and then our different
barley general and seminyak general
campaigns broken into the individual ad
groups and then as you can see from here
we have our individual keyword themes
sitting underneath each ad group so you
can see from here with our one bedroom
villa in bali and a one bedroom villa in
seminyak we can target individual ad
copies and landing pages depending on
whether the person has searched for bali
or for seminyak so that's it that's the
three simple steps that you need to
complete to make sure that you're doing
your keyword research the correct way
now if you've already got a google ads
campaign running i actually want to give
you a free gift and that's my google ads
optimization checklist now this
checklist is an amazing tool which
actually lets you know what you need to
optimize every 72 hours every week every
month and every 90 days in your google
ads campaign so follow the link in the
description to get your free google ads
checklist now thank you again and i look
forward to seeing you on our next video
hey thanks for sticking around if you
want to know about some of the latest
changes that google is making to its ad
copy and more importantly to its keyword
match types why don't you check out this
video